The growth of supermassive black holes remains a mystery to astrophysicists. Most believe that matter such as dust and gas forms structures known as accretion disks, which feed supermassive black holes. The accumulation process emits a large amount of radiation. However, observations of this radiation and measurements of accretion disk sizes cannot be accurately modeled by classical accretion disk theory. These discrepancies present a major roadblock to understanding accretion disks. To resolve this issue, we turn to exploring the relationship between the temperature and radius of an accretion disk, also known as the temperature structure. We find that moving farther away from the black hole decreases the temperature of the accretion disk at a much slower rate than previously suggested (complete.py). This new temperature structure provides a more accurate estimate of the energy emitted from an accretion disk. Another remaining discrepancy is that observed disk sizes are much larger than predicted by classical models (analysis in the files titled sizes and time delays). Our model predicts sizes larger than those determined by classical models but still cannot fully account for observed sizes. The remaining discrepancy can be explained by interstellar extinction, a phenomenon that occurs when dust around the disk scatters light and lowers the observed luminosity, decreasing estimates of disk size. Our study shows that modifying the radial temperature function and accounting for interstellar extinction can resolve issues plaguing accretion disk theory. Thus, we surmount a critical obstacle to understanding the growth of one of the most unknown, yet important objects in the universe: the supermassive black hole.
